One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three.
Testing. Testing. Three, two, one. Three, two,
one. Testing. Three, two, one. I've already
tested these, so they're working. This is the 21st
of September. We're in 207. And I have the honor and
pleasure of chatting with Admiral William W.
Pickavance, Jr. First of all, to introduce
yourself to anyone who would listen to the tape or
read a transcription, give a biographical
summary of yourself up until the time you came to
A&M. Okay, I was... What did family do and all that?
My mom and dad are from Sherman, Texas, and of
course, my dad was in the Air Force during World War
II, flew B-24s, got out after after the war, the day
I was born, as a matter of fact, 25th of November,
1945, and went into the hardware business in Fort
Worth, where I was born, and at Carswell, and was
recalled during the Korean War. So we were in the
military the whole time, had 16 or 17 moves as an Air
Force brat, lived overseas in England, and so on
and so forth. And... Came back, we were stationed
in Missouri, where I went to high school, Knob
Noster, Missouri. Started out up in
Massachusetts, then down to Knob Noster at
Whiteman Air Force Base. And then in 1961, my
sophomore year, middle of my sophomore year, we
were transferred to Offutt Air Force Base, where
Dad worked at SAC headquarters there and was
involved, of course, in the Cuban crisis in 1963. I
graduated in 1964. I can still remember sitting in
my English class when President Kennedy was
killed and immediately going over to my best
friend's house whose dad was a two-star general at
the time and sat there and watched all that on TV and
got the exposure of a very high-ranking officer as
he talked about the ramifications of this and all
the things that would evolve from it. I applied to
the Naval Academy. When I was eight years old, I
told my mother I'd give a ride on an aircraft
carrier someday. And it's really funny because
here growing up in the Air Force, my dad being an Air
Force pilot, I'm not real sure where The Navy came
into it. But I applied to the Naval Academy. I
didn't get in my first year. I thought I was going to
go play football there, and it didn't work out. So I
talked to a bunch of folks. And Texas A&M had always
been a school that we talked about in our family for
years. And my dad was only a major at the time, so he
didn't make a lot of money. And certainly I didn't
have any academic qualifications. I had some
football qualifications, but not academic
qualifications. And I knew how to find a date and
that kind of stuff, but I didn't focus on
academics. As a matter of fact, to get out of high
school, I'll never forget, we had this Spanish
teacher, big old, big gal, big gal, had a mustache,
I'll never forget it. Her name was Miss Snavely.
And right before we graduated in 1964 from
Bellevue High School there in Nebraska, I had to, I
literally went up and kissed her on the cheek and
said, Miss Naval, you can't give me a D. You know,
they'll never let me in college. So she gave me a C
minus. And I got into A&M. And we came down here. I
intentionally had planned on using it for prep
school for the Naval Academy. Had you visited A&M
before? Never have. Never been here. I'd seen all
the pictures, and I loved the military part of it.
You know, I really, I knew I wanted to be in the
military. And the only thing you didn't have was
Naval ROTC. And so, and that's kind of how I got into
this Galveston process that I'll talk about here
in a second, is that we got down here. I was in
Company E2 in Army ROTC. My initial plan was,
because I really struggled. My uniforms were
pressed. My shoes were shined. But boy, my eyes
were really open. I just wasn't the, you know, top
notch whatever. And between the, I enjoyed the
military rigor more than I enjoyed sitting in a
class with 1,000 people, or however many it was. It
was auditorium, like it was just loaded with
folks. And listen to Phil Graham and others try to
teach me economics. You know, I just. All right,
now your dad was stationed at? at Offutt at the
time. So y'all drove down. My grandparents lived
up in Sherman. Thank you for bringing that up. I
think the money part of it is something we kind of
talked a little bit about it last night. My dad was a
major. He probably in those days was making a
thousand dollars a month. When I went to school
here, and we were Texas residents obviously and
had been forever, Still would like to be, except in
Florida, you got to get a Texas driver's license.
First time in my life I've ever had anything other
than a Texas driver's license since I moved to
Florida. But at any rate, Dad didn't make a lot of
money. And I can remember when we moved from
Missouri to Offutt, we literally lived on rice and
beans. And we were very proud, you know, never
lacked for anything. But you could always tell
when Mom and Dad were just a tad strapped. And God
bless them, they always pulled it off somehow. But
you knew it was for a good purpose. So when I decided
to come to school down here, it was quite a, it was
hard on my parents. But, you know, I think in those
days the tuition was $50 a semester, and it was
$368, you know, for room and boards. And you
couldn't go anywhere in the world and get that kind
of an education for that price that I'm aware of.
And so anyway, this is where I came. Got down here. I
started majoring in history. Just a second. Mom
and dad brought you? Oh, yes, sir. Now let me go to
that. Mom and dad brought me. What did you bring?
What was the trip like? Well, it was interesting.
Of course, my dad hadn't been in the Air Force all
these years. We had these military foot lockers.
And... And Mom had taken all my white towels and my
underwear and my undershirts. And so, I don't know
how she did it, but these little bitty name tags,
Bill Pickivants, I'll never forget it, little
tiny things, you know, that were in all my clothes
and all my towels and all this kind of stuff. And
shoeshine gear. And, of course, they gave you a
little list of kind of your, what we call a sea bag in
the Navy. It kind of had a list of things that you
need to bring, and then we'll provide the uniforms
and the other stuff. And it was the dirtiest thing
I've ever seen. They brought me. Of course, they
were reared in the Depression, and they were
pretty tough folks. And they dropped me off in
front of the registrar's office and then drove
off. And my grandparents came down, too. We came
down from Sherman, and they took my footlocker out
of the trunk, put it out in front. There was kind of a
line, and I can remember everybody signing in. And
I'd gotten a haircut. It wasn't short enough, but
I'd gotten a haircut. I'd always worn a crew cut.
And I sat on that trunk as they drove off down the
street. Of course, I don't even think now you can
even drive on that street anymore. But they drove
off, and I thought, my word, this is it. I'm on my
own. Did your dad give you any, or mom or anybody
else, any last-minute advice? Well... The usual
things. Son, do the best you can. You know, you've
got to take advantage of this. Neither one of them
had gone to college. My grandmother, my dad's
mother, had gone to
Hockaday, I guess it was, in Fort Worth. And she had
graduated from college. But she was the only one,
and I guess my dad's sister had graduated from
college. But dad... He hadn't even finished high
school when he went to Fort Sill to get in the
artillery and then got into cadets and was flying
B-24s. My mother was a tennis player and was a Texas
tennis champion and they'd gotten married and
they'd eloped just like Nancy and I did 36 years
ago. But neither one of them had gone to college. So
the advice was take advantage of this and do the
best you can. We love you. Don't call us when you
need to. And I think, of course, they gave me some
spending money. I don't think it was very much. And
then off they went. And how did you get from there to
an outfit. How did, as far as you know? Well, you
know, in those days, I'm trying to remember the, it
seems to me like you had to walk downstairs where
you signed in and you kind of left your trunk there.
And then Terry Archer, who was my roommate, and
Terry and I had known each other since we were about
eight years old at Westover Air Force Base and
other places. Terry and I each, as I recall, we each
carried our trunks together. And we were official
ladies. What outfit? Company E2, Shoemaker Hall,
over here. Did it have a nickname? Reveille was our
company. In fact, it's ironic that now that's the
Navy Marine Corps company, which I find
interesting. But we had Reveille, and I can
remember whipping out to, Howdy, Ms. Reveille,
ma'am. So we got through all the registration
stuff and drug our foot lockers down and They went
back and got our uniforms and we had our ironing
boards and our iron and all that kind of stuff. Our
fan, in fact I was getting dressed last night and I
said, well I don't remember it being this hot here.
Nancy says, yeah well you were a lot thinner in
those days. But we put our fan in the window and made
our racks. We knew how to do that and and got
ourselves squared away. As a matter of fact, since
both of our dads were in the military, Terry's dad
was also in the military, we sort of knew a lot of
stuff from listening to our dad's talk about going
through cadets and all that. So we were able to get
our bunks made and get our uniforms ironed and
cleaned up. And actually, Butch Trish, who was the
company commander, and Arnie Sauge, who was
the... Spell Sauge. I think it's S-A-L-G-E, from
Seguin. I'll never forget it. And I forget where
Butch Trish was from, but he's really a nice guy.
Tough, but nice. They kind of used us as examples
because we knew how to spit shine shoes and all that
and I can remember all the other fish sitting down
on the side and we were standing up showing how to
put on the brass and all that kind of stuff, get the
maiden head off and all that and using the
newspaper and Brasso and so that's kind of how it
all began. Describe then the first few days of how
all of the core activities and the good bull and
going into the dining hall. Describe that. Well,
we spent, of course, more time studying studying
all the stuff you had to study to get it to be able to
eat, you know, and going through all the, not being
informed of the high-score accuracy,
particularly if you're ever going to give you a
two-course rectitude and short shrub and don't
know the answer. You know, we had to go through all
that and learn all those things, and the problem
with Terry Archer, who I just love dearly, he's now
in Florida, and we're just very, very close. We're
just a great guy. He turned out to be a very
successful contractor, built a lot of buildings
in Houston, and has literally built Naples,
Florida. But Terry, God bless him, would never
take the time to read the darn menu. So, you know, we
get in formation, and you didn't want to, I don't
want to cuss, but F word your fish buddy. So I'd have
the real menu memorized, right? We'd be standing
there at attention, and it'd be eggs all rotten and
all this kind of stuff. Well, Archer would be
standing there, and they'd come to him and say,
Fish Archer, what's the menu? Many other days,
he'd rattle off just anything. I mean, anything
from hamburgers to filet mignon. So here I've got
the real menu, and I've been reciting it over and
over again. He gives this menu that's completely
false, and then they come to me and they say, what's
the menu? And I can remember just getting it all. Of
course, here we all are, you know, doing push-ups.
And everybody was like, pick a piece. You've got to
start learning the menu. And he never got whacked
for it. It was always me. I was always the guy that
they thought wasn't memorizing the menu. So those
kinds of things were kind of the first shot. Going
down the steps, in those days we wore the khakis,
and you couldn't have any wrinkles in the back
where your legs normally bend, so you'd kind of go
down on the heels of your shoes so you wouldn't bend
them. Making sure your uniform was perfect. I
think the big one was getting out of your hole in the
morning because you never knew who was in the
passageway. Generally, Terry would be arcing
around the door. He'd get a little nervous. I'd
just push him out into the passageway. We came up
with this thing that was something like this. I
just kind of didn't even make sense, and they never
seemed to notice. So it was really, I thought that
was kind of interesting. But I used to be able to
remember names. I tell you, here today, I think
because of that, I don't remember people's names.
It's just amazing. It's almost a psychological
thing because I had to remember so many of them and
where they were from and what they were taking and
all that kind of stuff. That first semester, you
were officially majoring in history. Do you
remember some courses you took that first
semester? I can remember biology. I don't
remember who the instructor was. And it was the
dirtiest thing. I remember one case in particular
where we were looking at some plants or something
under the microscope. And they really need
microscopes over there, you know. And it's the
first time, you know, biology in high school, you
didn't have these kind of microscopes. But this is
one of these electron kind of microscopes. It
makes everything look big. And the prof had handed
out some slides that we were supposed to look at and
draw or something. And I was just, God, I just said,
holy mackerel. And I remember he came over and
said, what are you talking about here? And I said,
look at that. Look at that thing eating those other
things down there. And, well, he looked at me and
said, well, obviously you haven't studied
because that's exactly what you're supposed to be
looking at. You're supposed to be telling me about
it. And so biology, again, I was not, my academic
prowess was probably not anywhere near what it
should be or should have been in those days, but I
learned later on. And, of course, economics and
history and all that other kind of stuff were, The
core was still compulsory. Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely. Describe a typical day, Monday
through Friday, for you and your outfit. What time
did you all get up? What happened where? What did
you do when? It seems to me that... Our day started
six-ish, usually, and we tried to get down to the
showers before the upperclassmen got down there
so we could run in, get our shower, and get the heck
out and not get zapped. And, of course, get our
uniforms ironed and get dressed and get our racks
made up and get ourselves in order and get the whole
in order, closet and all that kind of stuff. And
then they would fall out for formation, I want to
say probably 7ish, 6.30 or 7ish. And that was when,
of course, for the first, it seems like the first
three months, we just really got ourselves, every
time we turned around, we were getting hollered at
and yelled at and all that, the duty stuff. We kind
of took that in stride because we figured that that
was what was going to happen. And you kind of knew
who the bad players were. There were a couple of
guys that were, almost sadistic in some of the
stuff they wanted to do. And I think in that kind of
an environment, you will occasionally find that
people, there's some folks who really like to do
hazing. And I discovered after, I discovered
through the years that they're usually folks that
probably didn't have it very hard when they went
through it. Particularly, the little guys
particularly like picking on myself and Terry,
making us be slaves, if you will. But then we'd fall
out for formation. And, let's see, you all went to
Sabisa. We went to Sabisa. Duncan. Oh, you're a
Duncan. Duncan. And we'd fall out and, you know,
we'd have the, I really liked this part of it. It'd
be early in the morning, be crisp, and, you know,
and, you know, everybody would be very formal and
add attention and report, you know, and go around
the, you know, the whole, the whole Corps there.
Then the Corps commander and his staff would march
in and then, You know, we'd all fall in, and we did
that for all three meals my freshman year. And so
you'd go in, go in for breakfast, and if you're
sitting on the hot, you know, running the hot
table, you were, you know, the corner there, you
were a busy fella. And needless to say, Terry and I
didn't get a lot to eat in those days and stayed
pretty thin throughout that first year. Do you
remember some foods that you really liked and or
really didn't like? I loved the potatoes au
gratin. I loved the spaghetti because if you ate
spaghetti, you could get the meat and everything
kind of all in one bite before somebody yelled at
you. I thought the apple pies were just out of this
world. In fact, one day, a bunch of us freshmen
decided, a bunch of fish decided that we were going
to get a pie. So we took our, and it had to wait for a
day when it was raining where you had your
raincoats and piss pots. And you could, you know, a
helmet would fit right over a pie. So, and you
walked out with your helmet to your side. So you
could literally put a pie up in your helmet and try
to walk out with it. Now, if you got caught, it was
the last time you were going to see daylight. But we
actually, some of us actually managed to get out
with it, you know. And, boy, we devoured it because
if they found it, and then what do you do with the
pan? I mean, it was a regular military operation. I
mean, there was a lot of stuff you had to do to make
that all work, you know, come off right. Back to the
dorm, then go to class. Back to the dorm, go to
class. Class was kind of a reprieve. And, of
course, the Memorial Student Center was our place
to really – go sleep, because you really didn't get
much sleep. You know, you could be sleeping, and
the next thing you know, they'd be banging on your
door, and you'd be in there with your helmet, piss
pot, and raincoat on, and smoking cigarettes to
get the place real smoky with the windows shut,
and, you know, it was, you know, you learn to live
with stress, you know. I don't think that at that
point in time that we were, and in retrospect, we
weren't pushing academics as hard as we should
have been. And I'm glad to see that Ted Hopgood and
others are doing that because that's really the
strategic objective. And that was not as
critical, it didn't seem to me like, as some of the
other stuff that's going on. But the other stuff
was really kind of fun and challenging. And give me
68 and one for the Corps and one for the president
and one for this and one for that. So you end up doing
100 push-ups. And literally, you just kind of
rolled into the rack and you were just beat. But
going to class was sort of a reprieve from all that.
But I can remember being really tired and probably
not taking as copious notes as I should. In fact, it
was right in this building, in the older part of the
building, where we had our Spanish class. And
again, I told you Spanish is not my forte, but you
had to take it. And I thought, well, I'll take
Spanish again. Well, it wasn't Spanish like It
wasn't being taught the way I was kind of used to.
You'd go in, you'd sit in a cube, and this retired
Air Force colonel, I can't remember his name,
would give you a tape, or he put the tape in, that's
what it was, and then he dialogued through a
machine, and that was kind of foreign to me, and
unless you really spent some time studying, it was
sometimes hard to understand because the tapes
weren't good, so I was always trying to listen and
go on to the next thing, so I had a tough time with
Spanish, so I had to They had to retake Spanish and
finally made an A in it, but subsequently. And
midday, you'd go back to your room. Midday, you
went back, and I can't remember the time. Did you
all fall in? Oh, yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
And this is when Terry Archer would come up with
these culinary menus that would just drive us all
crazy. Then we'd march in, eat, go back, and, of
course, now it's 1230 or so, and now you're really
tired and sleepy. And, of course, you had to walk
over, and you'd have this big, auditorium full of
people and sit there and try to stay awake and take
notes and take tests and then you'd go back after
that, get your uniforms pressed for the evening
formation and go eat and then come back and study
and get interrupted occasionally, frequently.
and then try to get to bed. I think at 10.30 is when
taps hit, or 10, and we'd go to bed, and sometimes if
you had a test the next day, you'd study with your
flashlight under your sheets, and we'd try to fix
our doors where we still got a breeze because it was
hot and there was no air conditioning and that kind
of stuff. in the chow hall. Did you all have cush
questions? Oh, absolutely. Oh, absolutely. What
were some of your favorites you remember? Well,
you know, of course we were quizzed on every
building, brick, tree, tradition, you know,
known to mankind, and it's the duty, the duty ones
that we all study, and yeah, they kept us busy. I can
remember people crawling around on the tables and
lighting the napkins, you know, and as a matter of
fact, my When I commanded an air wing, F-18 air
wing, a fellow by the name of Bob Maddox, who
graduated in 69 or 70, Marine, Lieutenant Colonel
was my executive officer, and another fellow by
the name of Dizzy Dean was an Aggie, and he was in the
squadron. He was one of my instructors, F-18
instructor pilots, a Marine. And Bob Maddox's
going away party, he did that same thing. I hadn't
seen it since I was in school, and here it was, 1986,
and all of a sudden, you see these flames coming up
from these napkins, and... What had happened is
that Maddox used to be one of Dizzy's, I guess,
upperclassmen and said, Dean, get over here. Dean
said, get around here and light those napkins.
Everybody was just, what are these guys doing?
There was a lot of that kind of stuff that went on all
the time. I just... Like I said, I remember tasting
some stuff, but I don't ever remember walking out
of there where I felt like I was really full. Most of
the time, freshmen all came over to the Memorial
Student Center and tried to get something to eat
there because you knew you weren't going to get
much to eat at the chow hall. Now, there was no
hazing or anything like that in the library? No. Or
the MSC? That's right. Of course, they didn't drop
handles, but you could go curl up in a corner there
and... I mean, that was a real sanctuary. And a
couple of times, and I remember what we did. I'm
sure it had to do with Babbo bombs or something. You
know, we kind of, our company sort of split up into
what we called the big ones and the little ones. And
we didn't, we wanted to all be the same, but we had
some folks that didn't want to cause any trouble.
You know, let's maintain status quo and, you know,
we'll get through this and get on and be
sophomores, you know, pissheads. And there was
others who said, bullshit, let's take these guys
on. We're smart as they are. So, you know, excuse my
English, but there came that when the Babel bomb
started coming and all that. So it wasn't too long
into the semester that, as I recall, we lost our MSC
privileges except for our mailbox, because
that's where our mailboxes were. Because of some
of the annex we were doing. And, you know, it was,
but I can't remember all of it. It seems to me like
Babel bombs were one, and then, oh, I can remember,
upperclassmen had a tendency, you know, you'd get
a care box from home, and my mother, for some
reason, liked Divinity Candy, so she thought I
did, and I can't stand it. But Trish loved, my
company commander, loved Divinity Candy. And so
these guys would all wander in and eat all this
candy. Well, it didn't really matter because I
didn't like it anyway, but I thought that was sort
of rude. So I can remember getting this box, and we
kind of advertised it, and then we took shaving
cream and put shaving cream on top of all these
little... Oh, man, I forget what we lost that time.
Probably our toilet, not the seat privileges. We
had to sit down on the hard part and... So we caused
some problems. Of course, in those days, getting
hit with a broom was great. Bend over and grab pooch
and get whacked with a broom. That was nothing.
That was wonderful compared to the coat hangers.
The coat hanger one was the one that really got us. I
can remember going into the showers and soaking
the khakis off my rear end because of the scab
building up on the pockets and all that. Did they
ever use a paddle? I don't remember a paddle, but
boy, they sure used the coat hanger. You'd take the
coat hanger and stretch it out and whack it, and
then the broom part. The broom was great. I didn't
mind that. Push-ups and stuff weren't bad setups.
Yeah, it doesn't say if you live it, but I thought
the coat hanger was a little bit... And in
retaliation, you guys never put an animal in
anybody's... Never put an animal in anybody's
room or anything like that? No, we didn't do any of
that. Now, I will tell you, I told you Miss Reveille
was our mascot, and, of course, we had to take her
out, and she had to go to the bathroom and stuff, and
it wasn't all that unusual to find a little bit of
that in a babble bomb when it went off.
Now, where was Reveille's room compared to yours?
Goodness, let's see. I was on, as I recall, we had
the second and third, or the... third and fourth
decks, as I recall, or floors, and I want to say she
was down on the third. She was down on the third. And
we had a sophomore, you know, that was her, I'm sure
her piss head was still the, you know, takes care of
the mascot. And that was a great honor, wasn't it?
Oh, absolutely. In fact, it was a great honor to be
in Rebel E. I mean, we were all very proud, and...
And we were proud that that we were, we felt tougher
than the rest, we felt like we were sort of special
that we're kind of handpicked to be in that
company. And we guard her with with our lives,
literally, I mean, when we went to football games,
remember, I think it was a TCU game, some folks came
over and look like they're gonna make a run on on
Reveille. And I mean, the stands empty, and with
our company, and when something like that
happened, there wasn't any rank structure. But we
were proud of the way we marched. We were proud of
the way our leadership acted and displayed
themselves and the presence they had. And that
just kind of rippled down through the rest of us.
Now, in terms of going to class, what were your own
personal guidelines about you? Did you go
regularly? Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. The
Spanish one I sort of dropped because it just got to
where it was starting to interfere with other
stuff. I was just getting further and further
behind. I was getting frustrated, so I went and
dropped it. I think I actually dropped it within
the time frame, but it got me some hours behind. I
took fencing and just loved it. We had an Olympic
class fencing instructor here. I just loved it,
and I wish that we'd have carried it on, but it's
hard to find somebody else to fence it, so it kind of
fell by the wayside. I was a show don, a black belt in
judo, so we had a judo club here that was really
good, and we'd go all over Texas to do judo, so that
was a lot of fun. And in class, did you ever go to
sleep in class? Oh, absolutely, absolutely. You
tried not to, obviously, out of respect, but
sometimes you're just so tired that, you know, you
just, and in the smaller classes it wasn't so bad,
but it was in the big auditoriums and, you know,
where I tended to doze off. And I'd look around. I
wasn't the only one. And you went to class
regularly, though. Absolutely. Absolutely.
No, I didn't. I don't remember. I don't think that
was an option. It seemed to me like the company
commander got a list of folks that were not doing
that, and you would get, you know, that would just
bring more trouble on you. So, yeah. And as that
first semester is going along, how did you
communicate with mom and dad? By letter, pretty
much the whole time. About how often? I tried to
write at least once a week. And occasionally on the
weekends, we had one phone down on the passageway
and we'd call home. But I remember when my
mid-semester grades came out, I wasn't doing real
hot. And that was about the time, I want to think it
was way or something was happening, and Dan Rather
was showing pretty severely wounded folks on
tanks. And I'll never forget my dad saying, son,
unless you knuckle down here, that's what's going
to happen to you. Now get your act together. And I
did. But that's also about the time that, because
you recall, I wanted to be in the Navy. That's what I
wanted to do, was fly in the Navy and command an
aircraft carrier. And that was about the time I
found out about this place called the Texas
Maritime Academy that was being built. And I loved
going to see. The whole time I was in high school,
for the summer, I'd write American President
lines and all these different things in National
Geographic to see if I could just come and just, I'd
work for free. But I just wanted to get on a steamer
and just go places and see things. So that's when I
got into the Texas Maritime Academy. All right.
You don't go home until Thanksgiving? No, no. As a
matter of fact, I spent Thanksgiving with my
grandparents. And that was interesting. Myself
and another guy that lived in Sherman, Texas, I
wish I could remember his name, left here and drove
to Sherman. And, of course, we had the clubs here
for the different towns, and that's where I met
him, which was a great idea because some folks had
cars, others didn't. I wasn't. I wasn't rich
enough to do that. In fact, I had to sell a 52 MGTD
just to get some other money to help Dad pay for the
school. We spent Thanksgiving with my
grandparents. I can't remember if my parents
stroked down or not, but I can remember laying on my
grandmother's couch on Sunday when we had to drive
back. Boy, I tell you, it took all the guts I could
muster. My buds had been going to other schools, so
I was sort of corresponding with them and Sherman
around Thanksgiving. They were having fun,
members of fraternities. College was just a
pinstripe shirt and a pair of penny loafers. It was
just awesome. Boy, they were just having a ball,
chasing girls and you know, and yada, yada, yada.
The North Texas crowd, the University of Texas
crowd, and the Baylor bunch, they were all, you
know, just talking about it. And, of course, I
never let on that this was the way it was because it
was pretty stressful. And I presume some of the
guys that you knew were dropping out. Oh,
absolutely. I want to say that we lost probably
35%, 40% of our freshmen that went in. I think that
was not unusual in those days.